PROJECT 4: CREATING A RAW TCP SOCKET
------------------------------------

AIM:
----

The aim of this project was to create a raw socket and extracting the data from the website given in the problem description.
We had to download a webpage from the site and store it in our current directory.

HIGH-LEVEL APPROACH:
--------------------

This approach that was utilized by me are elaborately explained as below:

After setting the IPTABLE rules according to the command given in the problem description

1. First I created two sockets. One for the SOCK_RAW/IPPROTO_RAW and the other is the SOCK_RAW/IPPROTO_IP. The first is to send the data and the other is to
receive the data.
2. After the creation of the hearders I send start with the three way handshake for the authentication 
3. First I send the SYN request to the server.
4. After the authentication of the headers sent in the SYN packet is done I will receive the SYN-ACK packet sfrom the server.
5. From that that packet I extract the Sequence number and the acknowledgement number.
6. After incrementing and setting the acknowledgement flag, I send the ACK packet with the GET request to the server.
7. Once the authentication of the packet and its values is done by the server, it gives me access to the file that I have requested for downloading.
8. And the page/file gets downloaded in the current directory.

Thus this was the high level approach that I used in order to complete the project.

ISSUES FACED:
-------------

1. One of the issues that I faced was the creation of the packets. It was difficukt to trace and create the packets since there were many inticate details
that if missed could cause the entire program to fail
2. The second issue that I faced was the erroneous calculation of the checksum.
3. A lot of general debugging neede to be done and small issues caused a lot of problems in the working of the program.

Thus these were the issues and the approach that I under took inorder to complete this project.

RUN INSTRUCTIONS:
----------------
Give the following command to run the program

./rawhttpget <URL>


